ROM README.md update for firmware image 2.0 format (#1723)
chipsalliance/caliptra-sw: rom/dev/README.md

- Verifies the active Manufacturer Public Key(s) based on fuse (FUSE_KEY_MANIFEST_PK_HASH_MASK for ECC public key, FUSE_PQC_REVOCATION for LMS or MLDSA public key)

*Note: All fields are little endian unless specified*

*Public Key Descriptor*

| Field | Size (bytes) | Description|
|-------|--------|------------|
| Key Descriptor Version | 1 | Version of the Key Descriptor. The value must be 0x1 for Caliptra 2.x |
| Intent | 1 | Type of the descriptor <br> 0x1 - Vendor  <br> 0x2 - Owner |
| Key Type | 1 | Type of the key in the descriptor <br> 0x1 - ECC  <br> 0x2 - LMS <br> 0x3 - MLDSA |
| Key Hash Count | 1 | Number of public key hashes (n) |
| Public Key Hash(es) | 48 * n | List of SHA2-384 public key hashes |

*Preamble*

| Field | Size (bytes) | Description|
|-------|--------|------------|
| Firmware Manifest Marker | 4 | Magic Number marking the start of the package manifest. The value must be 0x434D414E (‘CMAN’ in ASCII)|
| Firmware Manifest Size | 4 | Size of the full manifest structure |

> | Firmware Manifest Type | 4 |  **Byte0:** - Type <br> 0x1 – ECC & LMS Keys <br> 0x2 – ECC & MLDSA Keys <br> **Byte1-Byte3:** Reserved |

Reviewer: Are we changing the firmware manifest type as well?

Author: This is a new field we are adding.

| Owner Key Descriptor - 1 | Variable | Public Key Descriptor for ECC keys |
| Owner Key Descriptor - 2 | Variable | Public Key Descriptor for LMS or MLDSA keys |
| Owner ECC Public Key | 96 | ECC P-384 public key used to verify the Firmware Manifest Header Signature. <br> **X-Coordinate:** Public Key X-Coordinate (48 bytes) <br> **Y-Coordinate:** Public Key Y-Coordinate (48 bytes)|
| Owner LMS or MLDSA Public Key | 48 or 2592 | LMS public key used to verify the Firmware Manifest Header Signature. <br> **tree_type:** LMS Algorithm Type (4 bytes) <br> **otstype:** LMS Ots Algorithm Type (4 bytes) <br> **id:**  (16 bytes) <br> **digest:**  (24 bytes) <br><br>**OR**<br><br>MLDSA-87 public key used to verify the Firmware Manifest Header Signature. <br> (2592 bytes)|

> | Owner ECC Signature | 96 | Manufacturer ECC P-384 signature of the Firmware Manifest header hashed using SHA2-384. <br> **R-Coordinate:** Random Point (48 bytes) <br> **S-Coordinate:** Proof (48 bytes) |

Reviewer: Don't we need to update the Owner signature as well for MLDSA?

Author: Fixed.

## Preamble validation: Validate the manufacturing keys

- Load the preamble bytes from the mailbox.

> - There is an ECC key descriptor and either LMS or MLDSA key descriptor in the preamble. The ECC descriptor contains upto four ECC public key hashes. The LMS key descriptor contains upto 32 public key hashes. The MLDSA key descriptor contains upto four MLDSA public key hashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is an ECC key descriptor and either LMS or MLDSA key descriptor in the preamble. The ECC descriptor contains up to four ECC public key hashes. The LMS key descriptor contains up to 32 public key hashes. The MLDSA key descriptor contains up to four MLDSA public key hashes.
```

Author: Fixed
